So here is an example architecture
that can come up in the exam for Amazon Detective.
So say for example, we have Detective and also GuardDuty
and we want to be able to understand
how and why CloudTrail would be disabled.
So for example, someone goes in and disables CloudTrail.
So GuardDuty can generate a finding for it
and any findings of GuardDuty
will end up into Amazon Detective.
So from there, we can use Detective
and its machine learning capability
to figure out what happens and actually, you know,
do triage to determine whether or not
this is a true positive or a false positive.
Then scoping to figure out what systems are compromised
what users are compromised, where is attack from,
so who disabled it and from where
and how long has it been happening?
And then do the response to stop the attack,
so to re-enable CloudTrail to minimize the damage
or to prevent similar attacks.
So Detective is the place where you can do
all this investigation in response
to a finding being happening in GuardDuty.
So that's it, it was a quick one, but I hope you liked it
and I will see you in the next lecture.